Rails: Prefer timestamps over boolean (#723)
thoughtbot/guides: rails/README.md

- Use private instead of protected when defining controller methods.
- Name date columns with `_on` suffixes.
- Name datetime columns with `_at` suffixes.

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.

Reviewer: Right. It might be just me that it sounds a bit unusual to say `active_at` and not `active_since` – but again, that might be only in my head. 😅

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that convention is to use the suffix `_at` for timestamps and `_on` for dates

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.

Reviewer 3: I agree with @slickepinne that it's a bit weird to read, since _active_ is an ongoing status, while the others are things that happened at some point in time (essentially _it was_ vs _it is_). But that's a nuance that I'd 100% nevermind so that I could use a gem or some in-house code that generalizes timestamps to boolean.

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.

Reviewer: Yes, that's it, @neilvcarvalho – thanks for the much better reasoning with the ongoing status. I didn't mean to change it from `at` to `since` – it just was a bit weird to read.

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.

Author: I ended up removing that specific example since it seemed to cause some confusion.

>   via [Time for A Boolean](https://github.com/calebhearth/time_for_a_boolean)

Reviewer 4: I think it's worth adding a _why_. I think I've heard we're doing an effort on explaining some of the reasoning in the guides.

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps
>   via [Time for A Boolean](https://github.com/calebhearth/time_for_a_boolean)

Reviewer 4: I don't think we _need_ to enforce Tiem for a Boolean
```suggestion
- Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps.
  - You can use the [Time for A Boolean](https://github.com/calebhearth/time_for_a_boolean) gem for this.
```

> - Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps.
>   This can be valuable when you need to know **when** something took place. [Time for A Boolean](https://github.com/calebhearth/time_for_a_boolean) provides a nice interface for this.

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on being explicit about what "backing with a timestamp" means?
```suggestion
- Back boolean concepts like deleted?, published?, or active? with timestamps columns in the database `deleted_at`, `published_at`, `active_at`.
  This can be valuable when you need to know **when** something took place. [Time for A Boolean](https://github.com/calebhearth/time_for_a_boolean) provides a nice interface for this.
```
